[C#] Add concepts for protein-translation exercise (#265)
exercism/v3: languages/csharp/reference/exercise-concepts/protein-translation.md

# Concepts of protein-translation

- using keyword: for importing libraries
- access modifiers: in order to specify public vs private functions
- static keyword: in order to class/methods accessible without having to instantiate the class
- arrays: for the return value from the main function
- functions: used as the main entry point for the exercise
- function arguments: input strand is passed as an arguments
- var keyword: in order to prevent verbose declarations `List<string> results = new List<string>()`
- assignment: setting a variable to a specific value
- new keyword: used to instantiate a class

> - List<T>: temporarily hold the results before converting them to an array (Add and ToArray methods)

Reviewer: Maybe do:

```suggestion
- lists: a `List<T>` temporarily holds the results before converting them to an array (Add and ToArray methods)
```

To better indicate that the concept used is "lists", which C# implements through a `List<T>`.

- for loop: iterate through the strands

> - int type: used as a counter in the loop

Reviewer: Maybe do:

```suggestion
- integers: `int` type used as a counter in the loop 
```

To better indicate that the _concept_ used is integers, which C# implements through an `int`.
